Sara Cagle
CS 2340 M3
02/02/2014

Use case: Create a user account
Primary Actor: User

Preconditions: User has installed the app onto his Android device. The user does
not yet have an account on the app.

Stakeholders and Interests:
User: The user would like a tool he can use to securely keep track of his 
financial assets by tracking his account deposits and withdrawls.
 
Post Conditions: The user will have an active account in which he can use to 
keep track of his budgets.

Main Success Scenario:
1. The user opens the app on his Android device and finds himself at the Welcome
page. There are two buttons on this Welcome page: "Login" and "Register".
2. The user does not have an account yet, so he clicks "Register" instead of 
"Login".
3. The user will be brought to the account Registration page. This Registration 
page will provide spaces for the user to input his Full Name, Username, E-mail
Address, and Password.
4. The user will provide the appropriate information as requested by the app.
5. The app will verify this information: confirm that the username desired is 
not taken, checks the accuracy of the e-mail address, and ensure that all items 
required are reported.
6. The account is created, and the user can now log into his new account using
his username and password.


Extension:
Step 5: If the user attempts to register a username already taken by another 
user, the app will detect this and prompt that the specified name is already
taken, and the user must pick a different one. 
5a. The user will be brought back to the Registration page and asked to input
a different username.

Step 5: If the user attempts to register with an email address that does not 
work, or does not put in an email address (for example, @@@@@, 
or abc@abc.internet), the app will detect this and prompt the user for an 
accurate email address.
5a. The user will be brought back to the Registration page and asked to input an
accurate email address.

Step 5: If the user does not input a Full Name, Username, E-Mail Address, and/or 
Password, the app will prompt the user to complete the incomplete items for
registration.
5a. The user will be brought back to the Registration page and asked to input
the missing information.


----

Stated as User does something, then system does something .... (5)
Avoids implementation language .... (3)
First step is the trigger event - what causes this use case to start? .... (2)
Avoids conditional branches or exceptional conditions .... (5)
Extensions or Alternate Flows (keyed to step where this occurs in Main Scenario)
Number matches step in Main scenario where this exception or alternative happens .... (5)
Identifies exceptional condition or alternative .... (5)
Contains steps to follow if that condition happens .... (5)
