Justin Nieto
CS 2340 M3
02/02/2014

Use Case: Enable Password Reset
Primary Actor: Admin

Stakeholders and Interests:
   -User:  The user can only access his financial information
           through the application if he is logged in. If the user
           has lost or forgotten his account information, he can not 
           log in until the admin enables the user to reset his password.
   -Admin: The sole purpose of having a designated admin account for
           this application is so that the admin can enable a password resetting
           in the case of forgotten account information.

Preconditions:
    The user and admin must have already registered their accounts.

Postconditions:
    The admin will have reset the user's forgotten account information,
    changing it to a temporary password which the admin can supply to the user.
    This will enable the user to log in to his account and choose a new
    password.
    
Main Success Scenario:
    1. At the request of a user who has lost his account information, the admin
       opens the mobile application to reset the user's password.
    2. The system brings the admin to a splash screen which displays the
       application logo and the "Login" and "Register" buttons.
    3. The admin selects the "Login" button.
    4. The system takes the admin to the Login page, where he is prompted for
       his username and password.
    5. The admin enters his username and password.
    6. The system will verify that the admin account exists and that the
       password given is valid, then bring the admin to the Password Reset page,
       which contains a list of accounts to choose from, a "Reset Password"
       button, and a "Log Out" button.
    7. The admin selects the appropriate account and selects the "Reset
       Password" button.
    8. The system will change the account's password to a temporary password,
       which it will display along with an "Okay" button.
    9. The admin selects the "Okay" button.
   10. The system returns the admin to the Password Reset page.
   11. The admin selects the "Log Out" button.
   12. The system returns the admin to the splash screen.
   
Extension and Alternate Flow:
    -Step 5:  If the admin enters a username that does not exist or supplies an
              invalid password, then the system will detect this and display an
              error message to the user. The system will then prompt for valid
              account information.
    -Step 6:  Alternatively, the admin can choose to select the "Log Out" button
              here and the system will reutrn him to the splash screen without
              reseting any passwords.
    -Step 11: Alternatively, the admin can choose to reset the password of
              another account, repeating steps 7-10.

