Pavel Komarov
CS 2340 M3
3/2/2014

Use case: View transaction history

Primary Actor: User

Stakeholders and Their Goals:
User: The user would like to know what he has purchased and earned over some 
past temporal period.

Preconditions:
The user has created an account within the app. The app is installed on his Android device. The user runs the application.

Post Conditions: 
The user will have obtained the desired information, and the database can cease 
providing the information for this activity.

Main Success Scenario:
1. The user navigates to the "history" menu option.
2. The database provides the user with information regarding his twenty most 
recent transactions.
3. The user wishes to view the specifics of a purchase, so he selects it, and
the application displays the item in detail.
4. The user navigates away from the transaction by selecting a return option, 
or back to the history full transaction history, or exits the application, 
having viewed the information he meant to.

Extensions or Alternate Flows:
2. If the user has not made 20 transactions, then the displayed record contains
only as many as he has (0 to 19).
2. If the user wishes to view purchases over a time period as opposed to twenty
most recent, he can do so by specifying beginning and ending dates.
2. If the user wishes to configure the history to show by default his N most 
recent transactions instead of 20 or to show all purchases made in the past N-day
window of time, he can specify this in the settings menu.
3. If the user wishes to modify the details of a purchase, he may do so by 
selecting the "edit" button, which will take him to a screen similar to that for 
creating a purchase wherein all fields are changeable. After edits are made, the 
user is taken back to the detailed view of the transaction.
3. If the user wishes to delete a purchase, he may select the delete button,
which will cause a prompt asking him if he is certain of this choice and providing
further options "yes" and "no". If he selects "no", he will be taken back to the
detailed transaction view; if he selects "yes", he will be taken back to the
overall history.